Update documentation for X-Addresses (#57)
xpring-eng/Xpring-JS: README.md

Xpring is working on building a zero-config way for XRP node users to deploy and use the adapter as an open-source component of [rippled](https://github.com/ripple/rippled). Watch this space!

## Usage

> *Note*: Xpring SDK only works with X-Addresses. You can learn more about working with X-Addresses in the `Utils` section below and at http://xrpaddress.info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Note:** Xpring SDK only works with the X-Address format. For more information about this format, see the [Utilities section](#utilities) and <http://xrpaddress.info>.
```

Reviewer: My inclination is to add a link to this page, too: https://xrpl.org/accounts.html 

But that seems like it would probably be TMI for devs who just want to use this SDK.

Author: Done.
